Gwenevere Abriel: Good morning.
Nicole Roybal: Good morning.
Gwenevere Abriel: I am I'm got about four more bites trying to
Nicole Roybal: Get a lunch here um
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, while I'm doing that. I'll open up a note, we can
work we're doing
Nicole Roybal: What you said, sir.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm just opening up a note.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Update me on how you been feeling sort of emotionally and physically
Nicole Roybal: Um, well, I was talking to my boyfriend. This week, a little bit more. And we hung out the past couple days so honest and formed a lot better.
Nicole Roybal: With that it's been being a lot nicer, just like the space honestly really helped us with we've been away from each other like two weeks now, maybe a little bit longer.
Nicole Roybal: So I feel like the space really helped because like I don't only one guy yesterday.
Nicole Roybal: And it just seems like our relationship is a lot better like he's being a lot nicer. It's like being more respectable and he's like,
Nicole Roybal: I understand, like, now you're clean, I gotta stop like thinking my old ways and like thinking that you're always junk. It's like whenever you're answering ways like he's like, I'm sorry that I've been that way. I know.
Nicole Roybal: You just basically explained to me like that business apologize and just said, I started. He's been like so stressed out lately and like just, I don't know.
Nicole Roybal: I don't want those excuses, but I still took it as I love you.
Nicole Roybal: Know, really good at something, I thought, last night, but he dropped me off this morning to you have to go to work. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: What do you notice that
Gwenevere Abriel: When your relationship with him is going better
Gwenevere Abriel: Than your feelings throughout the day or improved.
Nicole Roybal: Yeah. It helped a lot like the cravings, like knowing he believes in me. I guess like just help because
Nicole Roybal: I mean, it's not like I'm doing it for him for me but like I just feel like knowing that he's behind me just really like the support means a lot. It means a lot, a lot, knowing that you finally accepted like show. Okay, maybe I should suction her like shit she actually did it, you know.
Nicole Roybal: So I think hopefully he opened his eyes, but I'm still gonna stay at my monster of a little bit longer, just so that way.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Nicole Roybal: Sure. Everything's good. You know, right.
Nicole Roybal: Before I was hanging out with him. I was doing better working out. And I'm just going to see the baby. A lot of stuff like that.
Gwenevere Abriel: How are you getting along with your sisters
Nicole Roybal: Really good actually.
Nicole Roybal: My family at all since I've been here, which is really good because usually every single time. I'm here. I always fight with them. I haven't been fighting with them so that
Nicole Roybal: Is
Nicole Roybal: I'm drinking
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, maybe that's making a difference.
Nicole Roybal: Yeah, definitely.
Nicole Roybal: Go to Facebook. So why
Gwenevere Abriel: Sorry, I'm sorry about that eating thing I'm okay.
Nicole Roybal: Lot later over there this year.
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright, just want to kind of see where we where we left off last time.
Nicole Roybal: We were doing.
Nicole Roybal: Like inside the brain exercises and stuff, huh, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Thing.
Gwenevere Abriel: We were working on
Gwenevere Abriel: We working on the anchor room.
Nicole Roybal: It's our fault. A room.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, we get I
Gwenevere Abriel: Get um
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, you were sort of acknowledging this sort of younger self at age 17
Huh, yeah.
Nicole Roybal: It's weird because after that I was having weird dreams about like how my excess talking about scenario.
Nicole Roybal: was weird because I jumped about him and I was just like, no, I don't want
Nicole Roybal: He's not the same person.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's take a moment and reflect
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe, close your eyes and do it. Just so that she doesn't have this added feature of of nervousness or anxiousness about having to say it in a particular way with me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Trying try and see
Gwenevere Abriel: What, meaning it has for you.
Gwenevere Abriel: That your recovery goes up and down or you have good or bad days, based on the functioning of a relationship with your boyfriend, try and sit with that a little bit and see what comes up for you.
Nicole Roybal: I know that's like issues to support really matter because I should be able to do it without anyone's for, I guess, is what I know.
Nicole Roybal: Hmm. Um, but for some reason. And I do have a support it just makes me feel all the much better and my cravings aren't as bad amount of suppressed. Finally, eat better, it wasn't even like once a day. Now I'm finally able to eat a little bit more
Nicole Roybal: But I just, I don't know, I feel like
Nicole Roybal: I don't know why I mean so much to me to have people supporting especially him. His Word is what matters the most. And I don't know why.
Gwenevere Abriel: And how long have you been with them.
Nicole Roybal: Every five years and me.
Nicole Roybal: Says it's a long time to have been with someone and I've never been with somebody that long constant. The whole time together. So it's just like, it's weird. I guess I don't know how to
Nicole Roybal: Not depend on this. I guess because we we've been
Nicole Roybal: Leaning on each other for so long, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: How does he lean on you.
Nicole Roybal: Will just like ever like we are both working. I'm not saying right now in the past.
Nicole Roybal: Like seven months. I haven't been working so that's why it's been so but before that every time we are both working like we both help each other out. Like, we will pay the bills we both
Nicole Roybal: Lean on each other and we just like you know we need each other. The ocean only financially and like that, like, you know, we have each other, but lately. I haven't had any actually if I feel like it's caused a big Rift.
Nicole Roybal: And our Iman is such a big deal. Well, it is when you're paying all the bills.
Gwenevere Abriel: So Nicole, what would it be like for you.
Gwenevere Abriel: If you were to take this this recovery process.
Gwenevere Abriel: Seriously, in the sense that I already know you are. But I guess what I'm trying to say is
Gwenevere Abriel: Most people in early recovery, don't start new relationships. Now you are already in one but it went through a significant change because your behaviors are not going to be the same.
Nicole Roybal: Because you're not
Gwenevere Abriel: Drinking it's impacted your ability to kind of work. It was already impacting it but
Gwenevere Abriel: Big things are happening.
Gwenevere Abriel: What would it be like for you. Do you think to
Gwenevere Abriel: Whether you ended up staying at your mother's for an extended period of time, but that you actually worked on. You know how you said, I'm not sure if I'm getting even like myself and it find out who I am. You've had a real stilted development of this identity and
Gwenevere Abriel: Notice how when you weren't with him. There was a lot of craving, and I'm just wondering if he's a part of an identity somehow for you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is that a possibility.
Nicole Roybal: Hmm.
Nicole Roybal: I guess I feel like I'm more myself when I'm with him like get sure like just finally, and to be happy and just
Nicole Roybal: I just felt like more just finally, like myself, honestly, I don't, I guess maybe that's identity thing I have like you're saying, I don't know. I felt like I was more of myself, my bill is I don't
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, what did you like about yourself when you're with them.
Nicole Roybal: Just finally, like I said, Just happy not depressed anymore, not craving at all, just like happy just finally just having a conversation without
Nicole Roybal: With him without it being like one sided without him judging me just having a normal, normal conversation. And honestly, it was just
Nicole Roybal: Being able to just talk and no one's timey where I should do or shouldn't do.
Nicole Roybal: This and that. It's just, I don't know, just I can't explain really like I
Gwenevere Abriel: Just don't rush it that that's why you're here.
Nicole Roybal: It's just like, I don't really know. Like, okay, like it's just like, just like cuz I will you said, we've been at it for five years. So we just have
Nicole Roybal: Stuff that we would have to talk about. I haven't seen each other for a couple weeks. So it's just nice to have new things to talk about, I guess.
Nicole Roybal: Catch up, I guess, I don't know. I don't know what it was.
Nicole Roybal: I know
Gwenevere Abriel: There's this
Gwenevere Abriel: Sort of a lot. Oh, you're saying a lot
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, um,
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you remember what my question was,
Nicole Roybal: You said what about it made me feel more like me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Nope.
Gwenevere Abriel: When I
Nicole Roybal: Was definitely
Gwenevere Abriel: It's okay. Um, but that's why I'm saying, Go slow let these answers come from reflection, not the first that first step that pops up. Just sit, sit a little bit longer with it because this is this is a really specific question. What did you like about yourself when you were with him.
Nicole Roybal: Like that I was happy. Okay.
Nicole Roybal: As I said to. I like that. I wasn't being judged for once in the conversation that we're having. Okay, hold on a second.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just you just went to his behavior. It took only one thing
Nicole Roybal: Because his behavior, have to do with the way I was feeling
Gwenevere Abriel: Hold on, you gotta go really slow on this because real quick. What you do is you start talking about his behavior. So
Gwenevere Abriel: In the absence. This is
Gwenevere Abriel: Really hard to get to this stuff sounds like an easy question, but they're hard to get to
Nicole Roybal: This behavior has to do with what I'm feeling. So how do I not talk about his behavior.
Nicole Roybal: That's my point. Like, I don't get it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, sit within a little longer. You'll find it.
Nicole Roybal: I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: Slow down, slow down, just do some breathing for a second. Let's try some trying to, you know, grab these answers for me and really just, just be with the fact that this is a different kind of question. And there's some challenge and trying to get get at it.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right.
Gwenevere Abriel: And sometimes you can sort of
Gwenevere Abriel: tightrope right maybe between different people. So we might take, let's picture yourself sitting next to your boyfriend.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then picture yourself sitting maybe next to your mother.
Gwenevere Abriel: And just go back and forth. Nice and easy just picturing almost like a split screen. You've got this image of sitting with boyfriend very recently, and you've got this picture of sitting with mother.
Gwenevere Abriel: And see
Gwenevere Abriel: See, as if there was this way to videotape your internal experience and also maybe on the outside to
Gwenevere Abriel: And see if you notice how you think.
Gwenevere Abriel: feel and behave differently in the screen.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's just take with your mother. What are you thinking
Gwenevere Abriel: Over there on that screen.
Nicole Roybal: Alcohol.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay so alcohol is one word craving is one word. What's the actual thought
Nicole Roybal: I shouldn't be here.
Gwenevere Abriel: I shouldn't be here.
Gwenevere Abriel: Why is that
Nicole Roybal: Because it's making the cravings harder. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So what do you like or not like about yourself in those moments.
Nicole Roybal: I can't get over these things and I should have never started drinking to begin on extroverted
Gwenevere Abriel: And what does it say about your belief about yourself. So probably be in an I am statement.
Gwenevere Abriel: What are you saying about who you are and what you believe about yourself.
Nicole Roybal: And want to believe I'm strong, but I feel like sometimes if I'm still craving and obviously I'm not strong enough.
Gwenevere Abriel: What are you
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so now move over to the other screen, picture, picture yourself sitting with your boyfriend.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just catch the distinction between that environment and sitting with him kind of get a sense of what kind of thoughts are going through your head. What are the thoughts going through
Nicole Roybal: Like I'm putting it to last night and not like how it's been in the past.
Nicole Roybal: Myself there.
Nicole Roybal: I feel safe.
Nicole Roybal: Honestly, and
Nicole Roybal: The less cravings. I don't have alcohol and beer cans all around me.
Nicole Roybal: Okay.
Nicole Roybal: Relax, like a like a like a like a home type of like feeling
Nicole Roybal: Like this is where I belong.
Gwenevere Abriel: I belong.
Nicole Roybal: Yeah, that makes me sad because I'm not there. I'm not living there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's stay in this one that's that's drifting away from the screens. That's analyzing what's not getting up and
Gwenevere Abriel: Say, hey, you're doing great.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're getting a lot more useful information doing this and we were before.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's go back to these things that you already started with
Gwenevere Abriel: You noticed
Gwenevere Abriel: feeling safe.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is that right
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you noticed feeling relaxed.
Nicole Roybal: Mm hmm. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you had a sense of belonging.
Nicole Roybal: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: We're going to keep working at this question that I asked, we're not quite there. But we're getting a lot closer, such as sort of sit with that presence of feeling safe relaxed and a sense of belonging.
Gwenevere Abriel: And what's the belief about yourself in this image with boyfriend.
Nicole Roybal: I like I know I could be into better
Nicole Roybal: They have more like the more confidence. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And what was something you did in that imagery. The evidence is confidence, were you doing
Nicole Roybal: Nothing sitting there hanging out talking. Honestly, that's it. Well,
Gwenevere Abriel: Lot and talking. Our efforts, they are doing, believe it or not.
You know, some big
Gwenevere Abriel: Not nothing. No, it's definitely not good.
Gwenevere Abriel: So just just linger a little longer with it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Want to get to know that confidence, a little bit more
Gwenevere Abriel: How do you know that to be true, what evidence was there. I am more confident. How do you know that to be true.
Nicole Roybal: Um, I don't know, I guess just like
Nicole Roybal: Again, I'm seeing him like filling his support behind me like just I'm
Nicole Roybal: feeling loved. Okay, so be one person actually want it from
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so you actually could feel his love and support and this is who you want it from
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, okay. And with that you feel confident. Do you like that.
Gwenevere Abriel: With his love and support.
Gwenevere Abriel: That you are confident. Do you like that about yourself.
Nicole Roybal: Yeah, definitely. I want to be confident
Gwenevere Abriel: So go back over to the other image and sort of sit with being in this this other screen where you're sitting with your mother and tell me a little bit about confidence, what you like or don't like about yourself there and that image.
Nicole Roybal: Well, I don't like that the cravings are so severe, because I thought I could be strong enough to be around it and
Nicole Roybal: want it so badly. But then it makes me proud that I am pregnant so bad. And I'm not drinking it. So I'm around and I'm still not drinking it. So at least there's that. But I just like
Nicole Roybal: I shouldn't even want it, it's already been a month. Like, I shouldn't even want it.
Nicole Roybal: But I guess I just, I feel like it's like all gonna happen overnight. And I know it's not as if told me millions of times, it's not. It's gonna take a while, and I
Nicole Roybal: Like it was just like, you know,
Nicole Roybal: To norm. Some normality.
Gwenevere Abriel: So what you didn't like about yourself was
Gwenevere Abriel: Sense of noticing.
Gwenevere Abriel: An impatience right around wanting the cravings to be gone. But you did also like about yourself around your mom, you notice that you're proud of yourself.
Yeah.
Nicole Roybal: It comes down to it, and but I just feel like all the other bad feelings cloud it because, like, I'm like already blocking out that like
Nicole Roybal: A globalist so then instead of that voice I'm hearing all these bad doc places like, Oh, well, you're not there, half we can even they cannot. I mean, you're not enough to silver any
Nicole Roybal: Right, I know I am. So I started more
Nicole Roybal: friggin disturbing sessions always make me credit crazy
Gwenevere Abriel: I know we got to where the waterproof mascara on these days.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's move over to this other image and and just kind of sense of being near
Gwenevere Abriel: This sense of
Gwenevere Abriel: feeling loved and supported
Gwenevere Abriel: And I also heard also
Gwenevere Abriel: Kind of needing that to be there and then your confidence when call
Nicole Roybal: I know that's what gets me max to shoot me that I should
Nicole Roybal: Just do it without needing that
Gwenevere Abriel: So both sides have a should
Gwenevere Abriel: Both sides. Do I should this or I should that on both of these screens.
Gwenevere Abriel: And
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's all take I'm going to pick that up a little later I'll address that later. I really want to stay in here.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's go back to
Gwenevere Abriel: What else you noticed that you liked about yourself when you were with your boyfriend.
Gwenevere Abriel: Notice, maybe things that you did, which includes a thought.
Gwenevere Abriel: See if you can find more
Nicole Roybal: Like thoughts that made me feel good or just any feelings.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'll ask it again.
Nicole Roybal: Yeah, sorry, I'm sorry. So
Gwenevere Abriel: Visit visit that that screen with him.
Gwenevere Abriel: And, you know, maybe you're watching it, then you can see yourself with him.
Gwenevere Abriel: What do you like to see
Gwenevere Abriel: About you.
Nicole Roybal: Like that, to see to smile on my face are fake one. Okay.
True smile.
Nicole Roybal: Just like that painted on fake one wearing. Yeah.
Nicole Roybal: I like that. I don't know, it's, it's hard to like, like I like that. We're like actually sitting together because usually, we always be sitting on different couches.
Gwenevere Abriel: Try to Cody.
Nicole Roybal: Morning chick, I guess, like the affiliate of like more romance or just like togetherness.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Is that kind of new for you to feel romantically
Nicole Roybal: Yeah, just because the past few months have been just
Nicole Roybal: It was like, kind of like it felt like he was like, I love with me. So it felt good to know that he does still love me, and he does so miss me again his feelings. I know, but
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes. So because you got
Nicole Roybal: To feel that. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: I know that's the feeling, but I want you to look at what you liked about you see you're making you're noticing.
Gwenevere Abriel: All that's given away, which means you're spending all this energy notice you caught yourself doing it right. This is what he's doing. He's the cause of my joy.
Gwenevere Abriel: But I don't want to reinforce that.
Nicole Roybal: Right now, like yeah cuz like I mean I've been really depressed about just like us being apart and we've been together for five years, like, of course. Yeah, right now, that is my main focus of my joy because I'm sad about it. So I've been said about him so
Gwenevere Abriel: So just this just takes a little extra effort.
Nicole Roybal: Sorry, I don't know if you can hear me getting a little defensive. My bad.
Nicole Roybal: That's right. I don't mean to
Gwenevere Abriel: Know, I know how important he is. I know how important it is, you've made that very clear.
Nicole Roybal: You really
Gwenevere Abriel: I also hear yourself.
Gwenevere Abriel: Should on yourself, which is I shouldn't say I'm hearing both you keep I can hear it on this side and I can hear it. I shouldn't have cravings. I shouldn't need
Nicole Roybal: Always wait this
Gwenevere Abriel: Is love and support. So, you know, like I said, I want to get to that that
Gwenevere Abriel: That's a rigid thought the should. It's a troublemaker in there. Yeah, but I'm before we go there, just notice. Notice how easy or how difficult it is to identify things you like about yourself.
Gwenevere Abriel: Notice how looking so say again.
Nicole Roybal: There's not very many things I was actually watching this lead to something and they said, easier to love yourself externally. That is internally and I thought that's is my problem is I love myself more on the outside, looks at times but internally about
Nicole Roybal: Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: And we're going to get there. And so what you're seeing as an activity where it's coming up that deficit in a sense is in sharp focus right now. Each time I say keep going there. Keep going there. You keep going.
Gwenevere Abriel: I can see him. I can see him. I can feel him.
Nicole Roybal: And now I don't know where to go. What I'm trying to go there, like, I don't know where to go. I've never
Nicole Roybal: I know maybe my brain is scared to go there. I don't know what it is but for some reason I can't like blocks and I just turned the other way.
Gwenevere Abriel: Would you get do some things. So take take pride in it. What you did notice is
Gwenevere Abriel: You did catch yourself and the vision with with the mother you caught yourself having pride.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, I didn't drink, even though there's beer cans.
Gwenevere Abriel: And there's people drinking and all this childhood stuff just everything from sights, smells sounds. It's all right there and you were proud.
Nicole Roybal: Yeah.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you notice on the other side with boyfriend you noticed, I had an honest.
Gwenevere Abriel: Happy and it showed on your face.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, honest one the southern one over here. Maybe on on the mother's side has there been some phony pretending to be happy.
Nicole Roybal: Yeah, because like I said over the past couple weeks. So since I've been here. Yeah, it's just basically been just like me trying to pretend he happy because I'm not going to be all doom and gloom make everyone else all spring down their moods, you know. So just, I guess.
Nicole Roybal: Oh, is it catering to their feelings, in a way, not really caring about mine.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, so hold on to that one. So now go over to the vision with boyfriend go over to that screen.
Gwenevere Abriel: Picture yourself sitting on the couch guys are sitting closer and there's a genuine honest.
Nicole Roybal: Happy
Gwenevere Abriel: It's not fake. So focus on the affirmative, which is what is there. I'm happy and my smile is real.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you know what that is.
Gwenevere Abriel: What about honest, do you, when you look at that image do you like about yourself that you are honest.
Nicole Roybal: Do I like it. I said,
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah look at that vision. Stay on either side with boyfriend.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now look at it with that words sort of floating through the air, because I just said it, you look at yourself. Do you like that you are honest.
Nicole Roybal: Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, we just got one.
Nicole Roybal: In the main problem of my relationship is lying about alcohol. So yes, being honest. To be able to like hang out and not have to be like trying to go and shop or like just be able to not worry about anything stealing hang out and
Nicole Roybal: Not hide anything not live. I didn't think just finally, I feel like that's why we along so much better. Why I felt so much better about myself because I'm like, wow, I actually be honest and be okay. And when I'm honest, everything is fine and I stupid.
So,
Gwenevere Abriel: Notice we worked very hard you worked very hard at getting here. It took a while. But we found something you like that you were honest.
Gwenevere Abriel: That can feel amazing when you've been hiding the self, and if you've been kind of a bit of a right having to pretend you're happier because you're putting the feelings of your family above yours. Don't want to be gloom and doom. You have a choice about that you could decide
Gwenevere Abriel: To be honest, at your house you're deciding
Gwenevere Abriel: Right to have this this kind of fake thing. Go on, but it is a decision. It's not an imperative that you have to be Miss chipper
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's do a little bit more you you worked really hard at that one. See if there's another one you are honest sit at the couch. You're sitting there.
Gwenevere Abriel: What else do you like about you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Started with like an I am
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you need to turn the alarm on
Nicole Roybal: My little brother's alarm keeps going off in the bedroom behind me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Nicole Roybal: Sorry about that. I'm
Nicole Roybal: Doing myself that's honest okay so let's get back
Gwenevere Abriel: Just picture sitting with your boyfriend on the couch.
Gwenevere Abriel: And just the matter.
Gwenevere Abriel: She looks happy she hasn't genuine smile.
Gwenevere Abriel: He can take in
Gwenevere Abriel: love and support.
Nicole Roybal: Is like more just like comfortable
Nicole Roybal: For like lacks not so like I always like, I'm so stiff like everything is just so
Nicole Roybal: Happening at once like everything is just closing in on time.
Nicole Roybal: Yeah, but when I was with them. I didn't feel that. And I finally felt this like
Nicole Roybal: Okay if I felt normal just
Nicole Roybal: Not craving, not wanting it's normal.
Nicole Roybal: Yeah, and I felt that way. It also is over. So it's just it felt so good to finally just spill. Okay.
Nicole Roybal: And accepted it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is there anything you did that you weren't doing with boyfriend before
Gwenevere Abriel: Around that notion of being accepted. What were you doing before.
Nicole Roybal: Well, I guess everyone every like service and coaches are well done there. We were always in separate rooms as always we're always fighting wouldn't even talk to each other.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hey, go back to what you were doing. I already know.
Nicole Roybal: What kind of what I was doing as well. I wasn't talking to him.
Nicole Roybal: I won't get sorry okay I say it is I, my bad. Okay, I get what you're saying.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's like, oh, it's hard.
Nicole Roybal: It's hard to word my words right way.
Nicole Roybal: I
Nicole Roybal: Always in the other room by myself I was always just doing like alone, even though you're right there, an extra
Nicole Roybal: I always felt just like or
Nicole Roybal: What is that word.
Nicole Roybal: When you're like a more isolated.
Nicole Roybal: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: So you weren't isolating. That's a big one. Now I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: In hiding a little bit right and now you're honest.
Nicole Roybal: Anybody want to hear. Yeah, sure.
Gwenevere Abriel: I understand. I know why. But what about what you were doing in the in when you were sitting on the couch or not isolating. What were you doing
Nicole Roybal: As him yesterday.
Nicole Roybal: Yesterday, okay.
Nicole Roybal: What
Nicole Roybal: Just like I guess the closest to him like body closeness largest city, they're holding me know
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, well, I knew what you were doing. So I sat next to
Nicole Roybal: Me being held.
You doing
Nicole Roybal: Sorry.
Gwenevere Abriel: I know this is hard. It's an automatic thing for you to notice others.
Nicole Roybal: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So, but, but coming back to you. You still have you could see, I could be sitting right here with boyfriend like this, right. I could be like this. I could still isolate, even though they're right next to me, I can do it.
Gwenevere Abriel: What were you doing
Gwenevere Abriel: Then allowed you
Gwenevere Abriel: Feel love support an acceptance. What did you do
Nicole Roybal: For one, I didn't drink.
Nicole Roybal: It's a big, big, big thing earlier.
Nicole Roybal: I didn't
Nicole Roybal: Argue, I didn't start fights.
Nicole Roybal: I
Nicole Roybal: was nice.
Gwenevere Abriel: Tell me a little bit more about nice what that looks like. So I
Nicole Roybal: Know,
Gwenevere Abriel: Really on purpose. And this is still in the zone of honest though. You weren't doing something that was dishonest and manipulative, it was still from the heart. Nice. Right.
Nicole Roybal: So I guess in the past. I was like the buzz not really listening to what you're saying and like, stuff like that, and this time I'm actually tentative and listening and like
Nicole Roybal: He could tell them listening, he's like really happy. It's like, Damn, I could finally back to her and she's listening. She's not going to forget what I said tomorrow. I mean, you know, I felt like that in that way. I was being more nice so I was being more
Gwenevere Abriel: Attentive
Nicole Roybal: To his feelings and what you're saying.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're a good friend to your really
Gwenevere Abriel: Near for him. Now that that action of being available to someone what do we want to call that, what's the kind of in your world, what would that be called when you're available.
Gwenevere Abriel: For someone
Nicole Roybal: Would you said a friend.
Nicole Roybal: Honestly,
Gwenevere Abriel: So try this on now picture you're looking at yourself on the couch. You're sitting close by. You see the smile. You see, you're being honest. Do you like her. Is she a good friend.
She
Nicole Roybal: Wants to be
Nicole Roybal: The person I want to be.
Gwenevere Abriel: Did you see a
Gwenevere Abriel: glimpse of it.
Nicole Roybal: Yeah, it felt more like person that used to be, I guess just
Nicole Roybal: Because I did you see a really good friend. And now I don't have any friends and that's not because I'm background is just because I just don't talk to anybody.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, we'll get into that we're friends.
Nicole Roybal: But like, Yeah, but like, so I feel like I'm always emotional emotionally available for people. And when it comes to him. I haven't been and so it felt good to finally be there for something like that.
Gwenevere Abriel: So emotionally available. Do you like that about you that you were emotionally available to someone you care about.
Yeah.
Nicole Roybal: I was actually listening. Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: And that's how it
Gwenevere Abriel: It gets verb. Right. That's how we like when I say verb meaning you could be emotionally available on sitting here and they don't know
Gwenevere Abriel: But you can show active listening by looking at them and saying, oh, you know, we can use these compassionate words. And we can even echo back way that's hard. And yeah, that'd be difficult or, you know, instead of making it about us.
Nicole Roybal: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, we can hold emotionally what people are going through. And that's a good friend.
Nicole Roybal: That I think you said that
Nicole Roybal: About
Nicole Roybal: My brain went blank. As soon as I said,
Nicole Roybal: You said about
Gwenevere Abriel: Emotionally available.
Nicole Roybal: Being emotional available for others. And yes, it's like every time in the past like I've been, like, kind of like fake or like
Nicole Roybal: Yeah, like I was acting like I was listening but really I was in or just like kind of there was something you said right and my mind go blank. It's like it doesn't want to remember
Gwenevere Abriel: But wasn't manipulative right
Nicole Roybal: really clicked. No, never manipulative never trying to like get my own way. I can remember. Thank you, said
Gwenevere Abriel: Making it about you. Was it that one.
Nicole Roybal: Oh, yes, yes. I'm very always very bad about that. Like, I'll be there'll be talking about them and then I'll somehow. Oh, I went through that change and she's like my own story. And, like, make it about me and I'm just like, Why do you always do that let them talk like you know
Nicole Roybal: So nine
Gwenevere Abriel: Well,
Nicole Roybal: And it's been called selfish. Because of that, so
Gwenevere Abriel: That that doesn't have to be the case. I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: Too bad. That's sad. Goodness gracious.
Um,
Gwenevere Abriel: For some people, you know, even though you just layered that that it's bad. It
Gwenevere Abriel: If we don't know how to talk to someone like just now. I said, we can say, oh my gosh, that's so difficult. Oh, what a hard day wasn't
Gwenevere Abriel: A communication skill that you learned as you were growing up, then what can be listening, like if your family history was let's say mom always said, Oh my gosh, you can't believe what I've been doing. Let's say that was the norm.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's what listening look like someone matches a story that doesn't mean it's bad. It just means maybe that's what became normalized. Okay.
Nicole Roybal: But
Gwenevere Abriel: Now right program and you're getting to watch me a little bit too you know in group. And you might hear me saying, oh my goodness, that would be difficult or or I'm reframing and saying, I'm wondering if this is what's going on for you. Or maybe I'm just mirroring or validating there's
Gwenevere Abriel: Things that you're getting exposed to a new way to hold the space for someone's distress. Right. And I don't make it about me.
Nicole Roybal: You're really
Gwenevere Abriel: A big waste of your time, right, because
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, but I could right if I wanted
Gwenevere Abriel: Attention right if I wanted to feel important.
Gwenevere Abriel: Special part of your club and group. If I had an unmet need, if I wasn't getting my needs met. I couldn't hold that space.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's go with this one on to this. This is a really important one.
Gwenevere Abriel: Close your eyes. Let's really get into this one.
Gwenevere Abriel: What attributes. Do you have
Gwenevere Abriel: What resource. Do you have what deep deep deep deep knowing, do you have that you are able to be emotionally available to someone else.
Nicole Roybal: What attribute
Gwenevere Abriel: It might be a resource. It might be a truce.
Gwenevere Abriel: What what sense of
Gwenevere Abriel: Self efficacy identity can be somewhere in there.
Like
Nicole Roybal: Comes to if people like come to me for advice to like whatever boyfriend, whatever. I feel like I am.
Nicole Roybal: No blunt when it comes to like answering them back, they will tell them like
Nicole Roybal: That they're being stupid or if they're wrong. Like, I'll let them know. Like, I'm not gonna be like, Oh, no, it's okay to do that, like, no, I'm like, I'm pretty honest about it, you know.
Nicole Roybal: Is it good. Sometimes it could be a bad thing. Sometimes it's a good thing because it's just sometimes they got a year.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's use the one with boyfriend. You went a little bit to other people, just take
Them.
Gwenevere Abriel: Boyfriend on the couch. Just take it out. He scenting
Gwenevere Abriel: For you.
Nicole Roybal: Um,
Gwenevere Abriel: Health space for him and not have matched it or what else did with what you're going through. You had to have some resources inside of you to have been able to hold space for him. What do you know about you to be true that made that possible.
Nicole Roybal: I'm
Nicole Roybal: Being able to listen and I was able to listen and actually here without my thoughts clouding air me China like it like we were saying, think of myself.
Nicole Roybal: I was able to
Nicole Roybal: Be more, I guess.
Nicole Roybal: This word more like delicate with his emotions and like my words with what I said.
Nicole Roybal: Sir, because the, I guess, in the past, like I say, I have been really fun. Sometimes rude about it. And this time, I guess I was able to think more of my words and think more how to say certain things that would sound.
Nicole Roybal: Something wrong.
Someone who's nice
Gwenevere Abriel: What, what were you feeling at the time that made it possible for you to be
Nicole Roybal: Delicate
Nicole Roybal: Just like I said, I felt like more calm, I felt more loved and accepted.
Nicole Roybal: So that helped a lot with just being able to do that, but also that I, the main, main, main, main thing is being sober.
Nicole Roybal: That really helps.
Nicole Roybal: Open my eyes, my ears. My mind but everything
Nicole Roybal: Like that is like the main, main, main thing I can. It's hard for me not to like
Gwenevere Abriel: I hear you.
Nicole Roybal: And everything you know
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm clean and sober. I'm loved and accepted, let's just think about how important that is. And definitely not minimizing that look where you've come. You've come from.
Gwenevere Abriel: All these other places. And now we've come to what you liked about yourself.
Gwenevere Abriel: A clear headed right you weren't impaired just a real awareness of that.
Gwenevere Abriel: You were emotionally available to someone and maybe you liked about yourself that you are nice and I would say maybe cared about someone else's emotions and showed it
Gwenevere Abriel: By the way, you spoke
Nicole Roybal: You've
Got about
That you did that. Oh.
Nicole Roybal: Sorry, I'm a little bit
Nicole Roybal: But yeah, I guess. I don't know how to use the word care if that's the way I don't know housing so many bigger words in this most simplest one
Gwenevere Abriel: But I, I saw this word you said the word nice and it made me think, in order to be nice, right, we're we're caring enough right we care. We're going to be delicate about our words.
Nicole Roybal: Because Mike empathetic. That's the word I was looking for.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you liked it. You are empathetic.
Gwenevere Abriel: Mm hmm. Look how far you've come
Nicole Roybal: Oh, maybe just saw him.
Kiki.
Gwenevere Abriel: You worked very hard and basically took the whole session.
Nicole Roybal: Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: But it's worth it, Nicole. And so when you are with other people spend time developing that skill of noticing what do I like about myself. So I'll do some out here. I'll kind of role play a little bit. So let's say you're going to the community center and you run across someone who's impatient.
Nicole Roybal: Front desk or something. Yeah, sure. This is
Gwenevere Abriel: This could be anything.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's whatever. So here, this person's impatient.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you catch yourself first year.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you catch yourself being a phony just use another word, but you catch yourself.
Gwenevere Abriel: And decide, you know what I want to be honest.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because you like that about yourself. Right.
You let that genuine peace.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you say, what's going on. You having a rough day what's going on.
Gwenevere Abriel: What if that happened right
Gwenevere Abriel: That's different. That's doing you different that's being awake being conscious not doing this automatic way of being not apologizing. There's nothing to apologize for
Gwenevere Abriel: But you were just you, which is empathetic to someone who looks like they're kind of having a hard time with something
Gwenevere Abriel: And you could listen
Gwenevere Abriel: And not make it about you. And then there's nothing to apologize for
Gwenevere Abriel: That was a random out of the blue, kind of thing.
Gwenevere Abriel: But my point.
Gwenevere Abriel: Your homework, if you will, if you want to have a homework and attention to what do I like about myself right now. So in that example I just gave you, it would be, oh, I noticed I didn't apologize for nothing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Noticed about myself. Well, wait. Like, I noticed about myself that I didn't get mad at this dumb ass right for being patient with me. I noticed I didn't have to be anything other than me and I'm a sweet pea.
Nicole Roybal: That's what I was thinking of that, like, instead of saying it like I probably honestly just be rude back and be like, well,
Gwenevere Abriel: If you want to catch them. And the trick is the homework is to catch it is to say, oh my gosh.
Gwenevere Abriel: I like this calm body. I like that. I'm okay. I know I'm loved and supported this follows me wherever I go.
Gwenevere Abriel: This guy's got some kind of story going and got nothing to do with me was here before I walked in, is going to be your after I leave, but maybe I can show a little care because that feels good.
Nicole Roybal: You can somehow so that people need that too.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, you have an okay day. That's a rough one was
Gwenevere Abriel: Honest.
Gwenevere Abriel: Point is catch yourself liking yourself catch yourself in moments. Oh, I like, look how we see these beer cans. Look at me, I'm a badass. Look at how I'm I'm sitting here and there's this distance between me and this craving.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now it's just a beer. Can I see it's white. I see it's red lettering. I see the circle of the, can I see it is made of aluminum.
Gwenevere Abriel: It has a different meaning. Now,
Gwenevere Abriel: I wish it wasn't a recycling bin. That's all it means now.
Gwenevere Abriel: I like that. I did that so right. I made that up but catch yourself.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's cultivate that self efficacy self esteem.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's not natural for you. You have been raised to focus on others, and to focus on relationship you already have that skill down pat.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're applying it using that same skill all over the place. When really, there are times definitely in your recovery right now is to reinforce, who am I, who am I that I love.
Gwenevere Abriel: No matter what I'm this good person. I've been there all along. I just forgot, I need to spend time cultivating it nourishing and nurturing
Gwenevere Abriel: Come back to group come back to individual therapy and tell me I caught myself really thinking I'm kind of cool. Look what I did, I did this thing kind of everybody can do this thing. This is neat about me. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Find them.
Gwenevere Abriel: And report on it. Write them down and brag about them.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Nicole Roybal: And I was just writing down a lot of stuff you're saying, so I'll just looking at this and remind myself to think of us.
Nicole Roybal: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you saw one you saw one that I did so for a therapist type, it would be. I have the capacity to never you'll you may never know, do I have foster children do I have four cats.
Gwenevere Abriel: Did I go here or there. Do you know anything about what's going on in my life. No.
Gwenevere Abriel: I, I like that that's an attribute see
Gwenevere Abriel: That took work that that's something that's something that's mine. And nothing this my whole environment could be a mess, or someone could call me selfish someone outside of me could do something and I would still no no that's mine. I know I've got that.
Gwenevere Abriel: You see it.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's the kind of stuff I'm talking about. It's the a movable identity. The who you are.
Nicole Roybal: Then was mine who you are, until it. No one that's
Gwenevere Abriel: That's right. If the, the, the, the lever. The, the line doesn't move when circumstance changes when boyfriend, with no boyfriend mama mess sister sick sister mean cat ran away. Still, you go through emotions we feel sad, we get upset, but who you are, doesn't change.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, those are the things I want. We want to keep honing in on that. Alright, so I'm going to see you on Tuesday. Do I need to send a message to the doc now about medicine.
Nicole Roybal: Um, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I'm
Nicole Roybal: Trying to think how much I've left but yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: It won't get you to Tuesday. Then I gotta send
Nicole Roybal: It won't
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, here we go.
Gwenevere Abriel: anything besides to buprenorphine.
Nicole Roybal: Know I have, I think I'm pretty sure every field on the gal repentant and I still have quite a bit so far out.
Gwenevere Abriel: And how many milligrams, are you at right now have
Nicole Roybal: You been in there.
Yes.
Nicole Roybal: And the top 12 albums.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, I will see you Tuesday.
Nicole Roybal: Okay. Sounds good. Yeah. But today.
Nicole Roybal: I will
Gwenevere Abriel: Hello.
Daniel Guerrero: Good morning. How are you
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm good. Just gonna
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's see. You look like you've been up for a while.
Daniel Guerrero: Oh yes, ma'am.
Daniel Guerrero: I've been up since seven o'clock this morning.
Daniel Guerrero: No kids to school.
Daniel Guerrero: So I've been up for a while.
Gwenevere Abriel: You find a place to kind of get cozy and comfy and put me down. So your paws are free and you can focus on your
Daniel Guerrero: Being
Gwenevere Abriel: Take your time, and I'll open up a note for us.
Okay.
Daniel Guerrero: Normally set up. I apologize.
Daniel Guerrero: Okay.
Here we go.
Gwenevere Abriel: How's your car doing your wife's car. Your car.
Daniel Guerrero: Oh, we finally got it going
Daniel Guerrero: So the pressure off of
Daniel Guerrero: off of my chest man costs a lot of money to get it going.
Gwenevere Abriel: It really
What it turned out.
Daniel Guerrero: Just ignition switch don't do
Gwenevere Abriel: That stuff.
Gwenevere Abriel: How much
Gwenevere Abriel: Does that cost it
Daniel Guerrero: Will cost you hundreds and $60 just for the switch and then plus the labor.
Daniel Guerrero: We charge me $190
Daniel Guerrero: For to our main a month to put it in. I was just like, no, I'll figure it out.
Gwenevere Abriel: You did it yourself.
Daniel Guerrero: I got some process we find
Wow.
Gwenevere Abriel: Have you ever done anything like that before.
Daniel Guerrero: So now I have his vehicle so it's easy for me to work on this because I already know you. Good. So it kind of helps you know working on other stuff. So I just do it. What's up, YouTube, this
Cool.
Gwenevere Abriel: It almost makes the world smaller. You know what I mean, it's like we have access to so much information with these computers we have, it's just
Gwenevere Abriel: So neat yeah I look up all kinds of stuff. I want to work with little hobbies and things. And I'm like, oh I maybe I can do that myself. I don't need to pay somebody else I can do that myself.
Yeah, that's amazing.
Daniel Guerrero: Very cool.
Gwenevere Abriel: It takes quite a bit of confidence to be mucking around with the car.
That's nice.
Gwenevere Abriel: Very nice. Okay, well,
Gwenevere Abriel: Bring me up to speed on how you're doing with your physical how the body's feeling on the Suboxone. How you doing,
Daniel Guerrero: I don't know. You know, what's that
Daniel Guerrero: I've been
Daniel Guerrero: I've always had them, you know, but I've been noticing. They're here. Lately it's been more often. I'm getting
Daniel Guerrero: I don't know if it's from the medicine.
Daniel Guerrero: Challenges right now it's just like mainly that I'm trying to get my joints back into being old you know I stay active.
Daniel Guerrero: Because, you know,
Daniel Guerrero: Going to an opiate especially paint deals you know sometimes I like literally drag myself out of bed, you know, and
Daniel Guerrero: It would take me anywhere from 30 to 45 minutes to get my joints going, especially if I didn't have nothing that first thing in the morning. And so today, it's
Daniel Guerrero: Nice to know
Daniel Guerrero: What, not a whole lot of pain, but I get what the expectations of having it because I had it so long.
Daniel Guerrero: It's uncomfortable.
Daniel Guerrero: And so it's
Daniel Guerrero: It's been a help. You know, I can see myself, you know, becoming more energetic myself being, you know, like I'm saying more flexible. Do you know just little projects, you know, getting out of the car, or, you know,
Daniel Guerrero: PLAYING OUTSIDE THE KIDS. So that's helping
Gwenevere Abriel: Um, you and I talked a little bit about some imagery we we dipped into sort of imagery around a protective figure and nurturing fear and a wise figure did that linger with you at all.
Daniel Guerrero: Did you
Gwenevere Abriel: Reflect on it later on throughout the week, or was it kind of once you and I stopped talking and we shut down the zoom you went on with your day and didn't think about it again.
Daniel Guerrero: I did not want to be honest. You know what I have been doing, you know, for that reflection is, you know, I've been. I've been taking more time, you know, to pray. I've been taking more time to
Daniel Guerrero: You know, focus on
Daniel Guerrero: What I think is important to me is like trying to teach my kids, but I can't teach them if I don't know.
Daniel Guerrero: And so that's that's something that I've been trying to do is I've been trying to learn, you know,
Daniel Guerrero: Because I think it's important for us.
Daniel Guerrero: To be that leadership and he can't be a leader, you're still a follower. So check it out of that, you know, being a follower thing started being more of a leader.
Daniel Guerrero: And so for for myself, I just, I've been reflecting more of the word. And because I believe in Christ, and I believe what you know. I believe in his message, and I believe what he what he has done for me.
Daniel Guerrero: So I lean on his words. You know, so she helped me build myself so that I can do more of that since we last spoke
Daniel Guerrero: So I think it's, it's been helping a lot, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: And because I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: from Miami. Again, the people, places and things. How, how much is still left on your phone. How much exposure to people that might be a negative influence on you and suck you back in
Gwenevere Abriel: Even though you may have known him for 20 years like how close by. Are those those people kind of bring you back to that.
Daniel Guerrero: Okay. So last time we spoke, you know, it was like a no, because the door, don't leave it open.
Daniel Guerrero: So that's, that's what we are doing.
Daniel Guerrero: You know, and I'm not talking about about anyone but you know my neighbors are, you know, they're still in that, you know, in stage of life or, you know, there's still on the whatever would be, you know, and so what we're doing is we're moving
Daniel Guerrero: Away from over
Gwenevere Abriel: Here we go big one.
Daniel Guerrero: Right. So what we're doing is we're changing our environment completely we're moving into a new partner town.
Daniel Guerrero: And basically, we're just no kid away, you know, the only people that don't know where I'm living will be founded know
Gwenevere Abriel: Just for now, Dan. You're just our connections, kind of a stinker. Can you turn your video off and just go on audio for a little bit. I want to hear everything you're saying
Gwenevere Abriel: Turn your video off for a little bit, let me just go on.
Gwenevere Abriel: Audio
Gwenevere Abriel: So, um, what about what do you see and actually moving. What's the plan.
Daniel Guerrero: Okay, so we're moving into a new house this weekend. Okay.
Daniel Guerrero: So,
Daniel Guerrero: That's a big step for us. Do you want me to be off the video.
Daniel Guerrero: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: It was because the sound is let's expand the bandwidth by
Gwenevere Abriel: Bringing the video off. So, and I'll just hear you. So just turn video off. You want to hit the button. Stop video on your device.
Okay, excellent.
Gwenevere Abriel: This weekend about this idea of shutting the door on people that you've had in your life for a while. Maybe connects
Gwenevere Abriel: Either on the street or people that you know from prisoners anything where you kind
Gwenevere Abriel: Of like
Gwenevere Abriel: Know it's a difficult thing to do, maybe putting some distance with those people what what some ideas you have around there.
Daniel Guerrero: The ideas I have there is like
Daniel Guerrero: I'm trying not to associate at all with anybody, especially those. They're like, I know where to get pills or they know that I used to take them or they know I was, you know, strung out before
Daniel Guerrero: I was going to be honest man I
Daniel Guerrero: I don't I don't try to engage in those conversations I don't try to, you know, for an example. I seen a guy yesterday. It also we have also stores here in New Mexico.
Daniel Guerrero: It's just like a basic gas convenience store. You know, I went in and didn't even act like I knew him went straight to the calendar paid for my gas and left. You know, I didn't even
Daniel Guerrero: Say anything to him.
Daniel Guerrero: And, you know, it might have been like a stuck up. You could have probably took me as being stuck up or you think you're better than me, you kind of, but I don't know because I didn't stick around to find out, you know, I just went paid for my gas got my soda and I left you know so
Daniel Guerrero: And, you know, it was something I was telling my wife. I said, oh,
Daniel Guerrero: I said, Man, I hope, homeboy. Don't think I was just, you know, being stuck up a router and she goes, No, I'm sure he knows that you're trying to change your life, baby. And I was like,
Daniel Guerrero: Well, I hope so. You know what I mean, because I'm not going to sit there and engage. He goes, let's just go and quit talking about it. So, so. All right, so we just left. Left alone.
Daniel Guerrero: So, yeah.
Daniel Guerrero: I'm doing more of that.
Daniel Guerrero: Stay away from it.
Gwenevere Abriel: But just to add one piece to that.
Gwenevere Abriel: You were concerned about an opinion of you a label will go with stuck up. Don't get too hung up on that. It could be any label and a hoe or something. So just we got that one. Notice how you were concerned about that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hold on to that for a moment. You were concerned about this guy.
Gwenevere Abriel: Does this guy.
Gwenevere Abriel: Show concern about your recovery, so that you can provide for your family so that you have a healthy body, you can work through trauma history, you can work through the triggers you can protect your life, this guy, this guy. It also does he really care about you and your family.
Daniel Guerrero: No, I'm sure he doesn't
Gwenevere Abriel: See it. Notice how automatic we people right we worry about these opinions and when we take a second we think
Gwenevere Abriel: Know what he may only worried about is that you look like him talk like him and behave just like him, meaning you don't point out any flaws in him. It would be convenient for him. If you weren't working a recovery program because then he might have to look at himself.
Gwenevere Abriel: So when you do that, we move outside and you think, Oh, I don't want this guy to be thinking check yourself for a minute and be like this guy really care about my welfare. I mean, really the core you
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't think he does, then those are the people that we don't mind putting some distance between doing
Gwenevere Abriel: Things like love you and want your health and care about the fact that, you know, addiction could mess your life up right can you land your back in prison. I mean, it could really spiral down the drain. If this guy really cared about you, he would want you to put distance
Daniel Guerrero: Right him.
Daniel Guerrero: Right. Because knowing
Gwenevere Abriel: He's still a supplier. He'd be like, Yo, man. I get it. You need to step back for me because I know you know i'm still slinging or I'm still something I'm up in that world still
Gwenevere Abriel: It would make sense. And that would be a kind gesture. So if anybody catches an attitude that story is about them. That's not a good friend.
Daniel Guerrero: Right.
Try that.
Daniel Guerrero: I've come I've come to learn that, you know,
Daniel Guerrero: Because you know people that you know I've told that you know i'm not mess around. I'm worried that you know I'm just trying to focus on my job, my family and you know my relationship, you know, with my higher power.
Daniel Guerrero: You know you don't you don't hear from them anymore.
Daniel Guerrero: Yeah, and so
Daniel Guerrero: And something that's important to me tues, you know, I try not to get on social media. And you know, I try to stay off of Facebook and all that other crap you know
Daniel Guerrero: Because I don't, I don't want anybody to see me on there and there'd be like hitting me up, you know, whatever the case may be. So you know I
Daniel Guerrero: I make sure I don't stay on social media, because I'm it is what it is. It's social media, you know, if you're on it, somebody's going to talk to you there.
Daniel Guerrero: So that's something that I practiced. I don't you know mess around with Facebook and it like that, because I don't want, like you said, I don't want those doors open anymore. And if taking myself away from that is what I helped me, then that's something that I'm going to do.
Gwenevere Abriel: Think for a moment and we won't linger much longer on this topic, but I just wanted to check in a little bit. Is there anyone either family or someone you've known for a long time that would benefit from a heads up.
Gwenevere Abriel: That doesn't know your work in a recovery program.
Daniel Guerrero: Um,
Daniel Guerrero: Yeah, I'm sure there's I'm sure there's somebody out there that you know would benefit from it, you know, just letting them know
Daniel Guerrero: You know if I can do it, you can do it, maybe
Gwenevere Abriel: Not quite. It's not for their benefit.
Gwenevere Abriel: Me try
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me say it more directly. Is there a friend that you love your tight with that. If you don't tell them proactively Hey Joe
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm working in recovery program, you might see a little bit of distance or I can't hang anymore. In other words, a direct conversation about the fact that you're you're in a recovery program and you can't hang out anymore.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or something where you have to assertively not passively. The guy and also was passive
Gwenevere Abriel: Which means you just
Gwenevere Abriel: Kind of walked in, you pay and you left assertive is where we say directly. Hey, cousin.
Gwenevere Abriel: I love you, man. But, you know, you're still in that life and I can't be. I can't be around it for a while, you try and understand working this recovery program don't need your personally but I gotta kinda
Gwenevere Abriel: Kind of pull back a little bit. Is there anyone in your life that that would be the smart play because they're still in your life and they might still be coming at you with opportunities to us. Yeah.
Daniel Guerrero: You know,
Daniel Guerrero: My, my brother in law, you know, is still in that, you know, and every, every now and again he does knock on my door, you know,
Daniel Guerrero: And
Daniel Guerrero: But, you know, my wife is my wife and I, I don't know if I've made it plain
Daniel Guerrero: I mean, I hope I have because like I don't engage in conversations, you know,
Daniel Guerrero: You know, he comes over and as soon as he does. I
Daniel Guerrero: Purposely
Daniel Guerrero: Make myself busy to do something else. You know, on purpose. Oh, I'll come to the kitchen and you know maybe sweep the floor or something or
Daniel Guerrero: You know, go to the laundry room to put in a load of laundry on purpose. You know, so that away whatever he's talking about, you know, with my wife or, you know, just seeing what he needs. I'm not around it. I'm not around him.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't understand, though, just to really hone in on the difference that behavior. This one is the same one. And also, this is passive
Daniel Guerrero: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is watch the guy that sees my back. Basically, while I'm busy in the in the garage.
Gwenevere Abriel: Could make up a story like this, man. He doesn't want it. You don't like talking about the rounds, right, his wife, his wife.
Gwenevere Abriel: He could be making a any kind of nonsense to justify the fact that he's going to keep coming at you.
Gwenevere Abriel: When I say, notice how hard it is to be a to assertively say I'm in a program. How hard would it be to say, I got, I've got, I've got a
Gwenevere Abriel: Kid section and I'm taking an antibiotic.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right harder because there's this bias because a lot of our culture says your week, um,
Gwenevere Abriel: It takes on this whole other shape.
Daniel Guerrero: Something just happened in my house. Sorry. Yeah, I can hear, Oh yeah, I lost focus there.
Daniel Guerrero: And was was yelling at
Gwenevere Abriel: Everybody okay
Daniel Guerrero: Yeah, I think my dog just took off running up to somebody. I'm closing my door so I can hear you. I apologize. Okay, so, so sit with this.
Gwenevere Abriel: Daniel. A lot of people
Gwenevere Abriel: Now struggle with this very moment and and and don't get me wrong. For some people it's months and years. So I'm saying it like that. I'm saying it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Around this idea of being assertive, but I'm not minimizing how hard it is. I'm trying to honor and respect that being direct is hard.
Gwenevere Abriel: But notice in yourself. What kind of a, a bias, you may have around the fact that you've got this chemical dependence.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's not a moral decision. You didn't become chemically dependent like one day you're like yeah, man. I want to, I want to be hooked on this. It happened because tolerance developed got more
Gwenevere Abriel: Neurotransmitters opiate receptors rather developed. Soon as you kept having to need more and more and more. That wasn't a moral decision you understand
Daniel Guerrero: You smell.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's not your fault that you became chemically dependent. What you do today right around being honest with people. That's a moral issue, but the chemical dependence, the part that's biological
Gwenevere Abriel: That's, that's not you saying I want this. Okay, so just sit with it. What is it like to even imagine telling your brother in law. Hey man, if you don't mind. Don't even bring up the topic of pills or anything, because I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm not using anymore.
Gwenevere Abriel: And it makes me kind of think about it, not only think about it, trying to stay on point with that.
Gwenevere Abriel: What would it be like just for him in here. We're not doing it just with me. You know, like, would it be like to actually
Gwenevere Abriel: Be assertive and direct with your brother in law. Like, what are the things that come up in your head as soon as you imagine doing it.
Daniel Guerrero: Oh,
Daniel Guerrero: You know,
Daniel Guerrero: I'm gonna I'm gonna be honest, I just I just feel like maybe
Daniel Guerrero: Rejection, you know, nobody likes rejection, you know. Yeah, and
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm brother in law might feel rejected.
Daniel Guerrero: Um, no. I think you would just
Daniel Guerrero: It'll be the opposite, you know,
Daniel Guerrero: You know, and I'm not saying that I'm not afraid to lose anybody's friendship. I'm not afraid to lose. You know, you know, things like that, but
Daniel Guerrero: Then it's going to be like
Daniel Guerrero: You know, it's going to look like make me look like I'm a coward, or something or because because of the lifestyle that they're living today if you're not in it, then you don't. I'm saying you're basically
Daniel Guerrero: You know nothing, nothing to them. And I'm not saying
Daniel Guerrero: I'm word
Daniel Guerrero: Okay, but
Daniel Guerrero: I can be. I want to be it for me, it's going to, it's hard. You know, because
Daniel Guerrero: Being raised in that lifestyle or not obviously be raised. I'll be putting myself in that lifestyle for so long.
Daniel Guerrero: And and worried about what's
Daniel Guerrero: Not and I say a word about because I don't know why I say like that, but because at that time, you know, that's the way I felt, you know,
Daniel Guerrero: And am I producing the most, am I doing the most of my the most consistent, you know, because I lived that lifestyle of of selling and an avenue possessing it and worried about you know who's doing more than me or you know i know it doesn't make sense, but
Gwenevere Abriel: Does I
Daniel Guerrero: Mean
Gwenevere Abriel: I get it. That's why I'm bringing up the way I'm bringing it up. I'm trying to let you know I'm saying it easy breezy.
Gwenevere Abriel: But this may take a long time before you reconcile. Wait a minute. I'm the badass because I'm actually living like this is hard. This is hard. This is harder.
Gwenevere Abriel: Than going to easy money. This is harder to feel my own feelings, than to numb out. This is actually harder. I mean, right. Think about it.
Daniel Guerrero: You smell it. For me, it's hard because
Daniel Guerrero: Like being clean, you know, and I'm not going to say that the being clean ZZ, you know, you know, I went to prison and you know without while I was in prison, you know,
Daniel Guerrero: I was clean. I was a cleaner prison. There's more drugs in prison in prison, the streets.
Gwenevere Abriel: How did you, how did you manage to do that in there.
Daniel Guerrero: You know I
Work out
Daniel Guerrero: Yeah, I worked out all the time, but also you can, it's the same out here, you know you you see the you see the circles. You know who's running with who
Daniel Guerrero: You know who's doing what. Who's selling what who has what and then you just find that circle of guys that are just like, I just want to do my time you go home.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Daniel Guerrero: You know, and so
Daniel Guerrero: You know I I put myself in their shoes to, you know, do I want to be in that circle and losing good time and you know getting writeups because that does happen, you do get writeups you do lose good time in prison.
Daniel Guerrero: And know if you do certain things. I mean, it'll hinder you from coming out on what they cause a PR D, you know, predict the release date and if and if you don't make your PR d, then they just extend your time.
Daniel Guerrero: And so
Daniel Guerrero: That's something that I did. I did. I went in there and I made sure that I was going to get out on time.
Daniel Guerrero: Yeah, I did it. I did it in prison. I was staying clean and
Daniel Guerrero: You know when I hit the streets when I hit the streets. I just like
Daniel Guerrero: I was doing good, and doing good, and then
Daniel Guerrero: You know, just the enemy's always prepared, you know, to destroy and devour somebody you know and
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, let's let's let's do that one. Notice how you were you are owning I picked a different circle you were on in it. You took responsibility.
Gwenevere Abriel: I chose the circle just going to do my time. I can see the potential consequence. Yeah, there's a
Gwenevere Abriel: And then now you're out on the street and all of a sudden you went, you went outside yourself and you went to the devil or right, there's always this sort of wicked kind of coming action. What did you
Gwenevere Abriel: Become triggered by in the environment. What, what, what was the trigger for this relapse for you. Was it. I didn't have the job I needed too much pressure over here. What was the trigger for the relapse happen.
Daniel Guerrero: It would be honest, I just think I had too much time on my hands when I got out because I didn't have a job.
Daniel Guerrero: You know I'm, I'm gonna I'm gonna say I I honestly think I just got bored and because
Daniel Guerrero: You know, because I didn't have a job, you know, I was put in an application and nobody was calling. No, but you know it's going home. You know, it's like
Daniel Guerrero: Anybody call because I didn't have a phone at the time anybody call your phone, you know, I'm looking, I'm trying to get this job anybody call. The phone
Daniel Guerrero: No, no, no, no. And, you know, I'm going to be honest got frustrating, though, because while I was in prison. Again, I had a job. I had, I had a routine know
Daniel Guerrero: And hitting the streets, you know, is like I took that routine that I hadn't brought it to the streets and when I didn't have a job and you know
Daniel Guerrero: You know, prisons, not very big. You know, so like it's its own community. You can walk down the hallway around the corner and go the library.
Daniel Guerrero: Here you have to walk miles to get to the library or blocks to get to the library, you know, and it's just like, I don't want to walk away. The heck over there, you know, to go to the library and I'm just being honest. Now, and so I got bored. You know, I lost my focus, you know, and
Daniel Guerrero: And here we are talking about, you know,
Daniel Guerrero: This and honestly as we're talking about it kind of discusses me a little bit because you know I was focused. I was on top of my game and and here we are. I got depending on on the crap again.
Daniel Guerrero: And just want to be done with it, you know, and every day. Every day I feel myself coming back. I feel myself, you know, and
Daniel Guerrero: So if I have anything to be proud of its that that you know I'm getting my, my focus back you know
Daniel Guerrero: I have my job, you know, getting my family into new home, we're changing our environment we're changing the people that were hanging around with. And so, you know, getting that back and it's starting to feel good.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let me just applaud your honesty. This is going to serve you. Very well. The fact that you're you're able to sit with me and
Gwenevere Abriel: And identify. Oh my gosh, it was boredom. It was I'm having to lean on people for a phone kind of Pester people, you know, like a I get this call.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because yeah, you're used to real tight schedule everybody you know resources, whatever. There are resources are really close by, you had a huge change in environment. And the reason why this is useful and I took some of what we just said, and I'm putting it what I call a relapse prevention.
Gwenevere Abriel: Outline which I'll give to you. You know when you're when you're done with us here, and you've kind of tapered off when you've decided, I don't want to, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: Take time and you've taper down, but you're going to have this. And one of the things that I added to it just now was and I can show it to you so you can see what I'm talking about.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm always adding stuff as I'm talking to my clients. See this blue in here, see the blue.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes. Well, so this is a relapse prevention plan. And one of the things I'm adding is frustration. And what about boredom. These are really important to know. You want to know why.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because if you get bored. Again, guess what I'm going to say, hey,
Gwenevere Abriel: You got to step up your hobbies you better get it, you better get playing ball with somebody, you better start making plans with your friends hanging with kids. You need to get in your life because look at the warning sign. These are warning signs when you're left with your own mind.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's a red flag. It's not for everyone. Some people really need this extended quiet time and they don't have this experience of boredom.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's why these are unique to everyone. This years doesn't look the same as everybody else's. Okay, another trigger seeing a pill can be a trigger.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Nobody hiring you having to call on people to use their, you know, lean on them, lean on them. What's it like to rely on someone else does that bring up insecurity and like, why can't take it.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, yeah, it just kind of
Go.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you lost focus
Gwenevere Abriel: If these are important. You're informing me in here and I can put them in this relapse prevention plan and then months from now, let's say something happens and I hear this little whisper.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I start to hear, Oh, I was kind of bored. This week I ended up I might say, you know what
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's take pay close attention to this. Look, because a relapse doesn't typically happen like this, a relapse can take months.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or years, believe it or not, slowly, people can start to isolate slowly they stop what you might write praying and connecting with Jesus Christ slowly.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you'd be like, oh, it's nothing. I'm busy. I'm just doing my thing over here, but it's a sign that you're pulling away and you're isolating it's making it easier and easier for the voice of addiction to come in and say, yeah, nobody's watching
Gwenevere Abriel: You're not holding yourself accountable to write to a higher power of let's go do it. You see it sneaks up slow.
Gwenevere Abriel: There's no you see that it can happen. It takes look it's slow and so it helps to have people in your life and your wife is a good one to be a being able to say, listen.
Gwenevere Abriel: These are my signs that I'm heading in that direction. If you see me I'm sleeping in till noon and
Gwenevere Abriel: And I'm starting to, you know, not pray i'm not i'm not engaging with the kids, I'm starting to have these signs, you could be heading down that road again. Do you see how that could be a possibility.
Daniel Guerrero: Oh yes, ma'am.
Yeah.
Daniel Guerrero: You know, one thing that I've
Daniel Guerrero: A simple word. You know, I learned
Daniel Guerrero: Here, of late was, you know, integrity, you know,
Daniel Guerrero: You know it.
Daniel Guerrero: Was doing the right thing when nobody is watching.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Daniel Guerrero: And so
Daniel Guerrero: I've been trying. I've been trying to
Daniel Guerrero: You know, to put that affirmation in my life, you know, you know, are you doing the right thing. Okay, nobody's watching, I'm by myself. I'm alone.
Daniel Guerrero: What am I going to do with my time. Yeah. Okay. The kids need laundry clothes done I'll fold clothes and do laundry.
Daniel Guerrero: And so, you know, I have I have six kids at home and they all go to school.
Daniel Guerrero: And so
Daniel Guerrero: By late nights or my early mornings, you know, when I come when I go to work I come home. I stay up late because I'm I'm hardly at home.
Daniel Guerrero: And so I do stay up late in my house, you know, kickback watch TV, and I go to bed, and soon as I go to bed. I'm getting up that alarm clocks popping off. You know, it's time to start taking kids to school. It's time you know my day begins.
Daniel Guerrero: Where you know before it didn't, you know, my
Daniel Guerrero: My kids were were in the state system because I have went to prison. Okay. And, and so, you know, for
Daniel Guerrero: For the four, five months of that time.
Daniel Guerrero: You know they were in the system. As I was working this program, you know, to get them home you know
Daniel Guerrero: And
Daniel Guerrero: And now that they're home you know my hands have been full of late you know and and that's what my wife is like, it's time for you to make a change, you need to start looking into something else.
Daniel Guerrero: Because we can't have you in the room. We can have you isolating yourself away from our kids. We haven't had our kids, you know, you have to come out of this show that you're in.
Daniel Guerrero: And so, you know, I thought about and that's when I started asking around that's where I started, you know, seeing, you know, the Suboxone you know and and what you know.
Daniel Guerrero: When I didn't have the pills. I was taking the Suboxone and, you know, and it was helping and helping me get through like a
Daniel Guerrero: What do you call it the urges, you know, and
Daniel Guerrero: Stuff like that. So,
Daniel Guerrero: And that's when I really started getting serious about getting into a program, you know, to help me come out, you know, and so I've been in a program for what, three weeks now, or something like that, almost a month.
Daniel Guerrero: And I could see the change already, you know, it helped me so I'm really enjoying that.
Daniel Guerrero: You know, in this in this more than just enjoying it. Because Microsoft I'm focusing on that that integrity and, you know, finding more time.
Daniel Guerrero: You know, to be that Father that you know that I wasn't know doing more things with my kids, instead of i can't my back hurts. My legs hurt my knees hurt my feet hurt.
Daniel Guerrero: You know, I can barely move my hands because of the opiates that was in my body. You can't live without it you can't do shit without excuse my language, but can you barely want to get out of bed with it.
Daniel Guerrero: So, I'm sorry, I'm just venting a little bit, you know, but you know that's
Daniel Guerrero: That's exactly, you know what was going on and
Daniel Guerrero: I don't want to do that anymore. You know what, I just want to be able to, you know,
Daniel Guerrero: Keep working the program and, you know, eventually, you know, start cutting back coming back over to you know I am 100% Daniel again 100% you know who I who I am.
Gwenevere Abriel: So there is this effect.
Gwenevere Abriel: I believe it's called hyper analgesia. And what happens. Ironically, this is like mind boggling, but that
Gwenevere Abriel: You can have a for an extended period of using opiates, you can have this effect where let's say we had an injury. Let's say my back was injured.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I've been taking opiates for a long time, what can happen is the brain can have this sort of closed loop. It doesn't the signal. The longer comes from the back.
Gwenevere Abriel: The brain just sort of remembers pain on its own. It doesn't need a new injury, it just registers pain now and
Gwenevere Abriel: This is the injury can be healed but it's going to have this
Gwenevere Abriel: Recollection right of pain. It's really bizarre and terribly unfortunate for people that are struggling with, with the opiates.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's the first thing you can have this closed loop response, there's no actual like signal from the back. Let's say I'm making up the back to me by wrist or something.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's one one piece of this, this phenomenon that happens. The other piece is that other parts of your body, like everything becomes more painful just a regular bump on the arm what normally would be like nothing feels more painful.
Gwenevere Abriel: And is that something that you know a cut a bruise a bump. Was that ever something that you went through at any point
Daniel Guerrero: Oh,
Daniel Guerrero: You know, I'm trying to remember, you know,
Daniel Guerrero: There might have been one incident you know where I I fell on my knees, you know, at work, and you know that bothered me for days and days, you know, I even had to go and buy a brace for it.
Daniel Guerrero: And even today, as we speak, you know, sometimes it, you know. But I mean, I've always had a problem with with my right knee, but it was just seemed like while I was on the open it bothered me even more now.
Gwenevere Abriel: phenomenon that was going on, it's it's bizarre because it's supposed to be. It's an analgesia analgesic which is supposed to remove the pain right but after time it has this hyper analgesic effect.
Gwenevere Abriel: And it's the exact opposite of what you're needing of what you're seeking. I mean, you're supposed to have pain relief and it does doesn't come anymore.
Gwenevere Abriel: And so you keep getting more and more and more. And it doesn't come that pain. Just keep cycling there and things become more sensitive. So maybe you didn't experience it, but some people do.
Gwenevere Abriel: Anyway, I just thought I would mention that. So there are some real positive pieces or benefits of long term coming off of it. Because think about if let's say you get in
Gwenevere Abriel: An urgent care situation, let's say, a car accident or something, you're kind of want to have access to what pain medicine.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're going to want it to work. You're going to want to be able to just like anybody else right to go into the emergency department or transported there and they put down morphing
Gwenevere Abriel: Right. We want you to be able to be at a safe enough dose down the line. Not saying today down the line, so that a doctor or physician can treat you.
With pain medicine.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right. We want you to be able to do that.
Daniel Guerrero: Excuse me.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's the goal.
Daniel Guerrero: You know, you know, as we talk about these things, you know,
Daniel Guerrero: You know, I give this information, sometimes to my mom to, you know, say. Sometimes I see other time.
Daniel Guerrero: Because her doctor right now has her on on on opiates and
Daniel Guerrero: She's always complaining about, you know, should I take a pill sign my, my knees hurt or my wrist hurt you know my mom's always worked her whole life and and I told her, say, Mom, these, these pills are not good for you, mom. I said, it's just going to hurt you.
Daniel Guerrero: And and
Daniel Guerrero: I said, trust me, Mom. I know. She goes, I know you know I was like, well,
Daniel Guerrero: I need you to understand it, you know, you have to. She goes, I only take them the way the doctor asked me to take them.
Gwenevere Abriel: doesn't make it any better those doctors. They don't care about long term side effects of it.
Daniel Guerrero: They don't know
Daniel Guerrero: They really don't. I know that they don't
Daniel Guerrero: And and I could kind of testify for this because my father in law, you know, and I'm going to be honest, this is how I kind of got started with them before you know
Daniel Guerrero: His doctor was given him.
Daniel Guerrero: 30 milligrams of oxy cotton a day.
Gwenevere Abriel: Prescribed
Daniel Guerrero: She was prescribing him 290 oxy cotton 30 milligrams a month.
Gwenevere Abriel: That person still have license.
Daniel Guerrero: Well, they moved now.
Daniel Guerrero: I guess she is. She used to be a kind of practitioner. I'm not too sure what
Daniel Guerrero: But now she lives in Oklahoma and she's no longer allowed to write those prescriptions or something. Yeah. But anyways,
Daniel Guerrero: And so I would see my father in law go into these things with it too. And that's how I understand and and now I see my mom, you know, going through that and and what I've been through, and
Daniel Guerrero: I was starting to change me and starting to help me. You know, I tried to say introduce that to my mom, but I'm trying to get her you know to understand, you know, just side effects and that's in it. And I take this information. I just don't leave it for myself you know i i believe that
Daniel Guerrero: We're learning every day. You know, so we're learning a little bit, then we should teach a little bit, you know. So I take this information that you and I talked about, you know, not kind of share it with my family, you know,
Daniel Guerrero: I share it with my wife. I don't keep it to myself, you know, she's like, Well, how was your visit. You know, and
Daniel Guerrero: What did you guys talk about, you know,
Daniel Guerrero: Other things you know and and it's positive things, you know, and so
Daniel Guerrero: That's really good for me. I really, I really liked these sessions, you know, yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, next time. What I'd like to do and it's typically what I do right away. But you and I kind of zeroed in on on some different conversations but the next couple sessions.
Daniel Guerrero: Focus on with you it's
Gwenevere Abriel: About emotional regulation skills. I want to teach two of them to you.
Daniel Guerrero: Emotion.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I want to teach two of them to I'll be teaching you. I call it box breathing, but really what it is is diet for matic breathing.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I'll teach you the science behind it. I'll talk to you about the poly Vegas theory. I'll talk to you about the Vegas nerve. I'll talk to you about how the diaphragm pressing down on the organs activates the Vegas nerve.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'll talk to you about that and I'll teach you the practice of it. And then I'm also want to going to want to show you
Gwenevere Abriel: grounding in the five senses. So these are going to be techniques for example when you
Daniel Guerrero: Use them.
Gwenevere Abriel: under stressful situations when they don't want to get pissed off.
Gwenevere Abriel: They don't want to have a panic attack. They don't want to be angry.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or they just let's say you know how you incorporate prayer throughout your day, you may start to do this box breathing along the way.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so we'll teach that to you next time. And then I'll also be teaching the grounding and the five senses.
Gwenevere Abriel: In general, do you ever find yourself. Like, do you have a go to emotion that you kind of want to work on that you don't like so much
Daniel Guerrero: I'm sorry.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well,
Daniel Guerrero: A go to emotion that I really don't like so much um
Daniel Guerrero: You know, I do have, you know, some emotions. I don't like you know to go, you know, to
Daniel Guerrero: I don't know. I don't know if one of them is I don't
Daniel Guerrero: Know being like
Daniel Guerrero: A penguins like being emotion. I don't know if that's right or not. Yeah.
It is
Gwenevere Abriel: Their anger. Most people find
Gwenevere Abriel: It's too high, it doesn't fit. Sometimes it's like so high it messes with their relationship with their sweetheart, or their kids or their employer like it. It's like, man I run so hot. Why am I so why am I get so mad that tends to be one. Is that ever the case for you.
Daniel Guerrero: Yeah, you know,
Daniel Guerrero: You know, for myself, you know, that's why I've said, you know, I've been, you know, you know, trying to rely more on Christ, you know, and what he's teaching. And that's something he teaches us, you know, and His Word is, you know, not to be angry, you know, not to hold grudges.
Daniel Guerrero: And because sometimes in our anger. We bring up the past. No. Will you said this and you said that, kind of, you know,
Daniel Guerrero: And even if that's not what the arguments about that, that time you know those emotions come back up in the anger in while you're angry and and they come out and that and that could have nothing to do with what's going on at that time, but because it's still there.
Daniel Guerrero: You know, still pissed off about it.
Daniel Guerrero: So for me, you know, I
Daniel Guerrero: You know, I've been trying to like
Daniel Guerrero: You know, for an example. You know, I got some kids you know they're
Daniel Guerrero: You know 15 and 1620
Daniel Guerrero: And they swear they got the world figured out
Daniel Guerrero: And so, you know, they come off the wall saying some off the wall crap you know and and trust me you know I I try not to let it you know
Daniel Guerrero: I felt like, you know, in a sense that they're disrespecting me or disrespecting my wife and
Daniel Guerrero: And it pisses me off you know pisses me off bad that where I'll go outside. Before I say anything.
Daniel Guerrero: I go outside.
Daniel Guerrero: And I'm just like, that's something that I have been learning know to do. But before I pop off right with them. So you want you want to argue. Let's go.
Daniel Guerrero: And and I promise I'm going to win. I promise I'm going to win because
Daniel Guerrero: You know, but that's something I try to stay away from, you know, I tried to I tried to be as humble as I can but know sometimes
Daniel Guerrero: It's hard. It's difficult.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's difficult, so
Gwenevere Abriel: Next time is and we can tie that in. So now when you think, well, what is this box breathing for it can be for let's say when you walk outside
Gwenevere Abriel: This could be something, it could be doing while you're outside okay to what it'll do is it'll bring down that activation, it'll bring down the anger.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, it'll allow you to have your brain working better, faster, stronger. You ever noticed. Sometimes when you really angry almost to the rage that you can't think of all the cool things. Maybe you learn along the way. Like all you feel is the feeling like you're so lost it. It's so intense.
Gwenevere Abriel: You ever get that sense like it's it's you're lost in that emotion.
Daniel Guerrero: I could take you know
Daniel Guerrero: It does take over. Um,
Daniel Guerrero: You know I never really been like
Daniel Guerrero: You know the type of guy that you know they get angry and start hitting or something like that on somebody. No, I never been that type of guy but
Daniel Guerrero: I have gotten so pissed off that you know I raised my voice. You know, I got a pretty deep voice I raised my voice. You know, I want to be. I want to be heard and there's nothing that you're going to tell me because I am a little stubborn, too, you know. So
Daniel Guerrero: I raised my voice. You know, like
Daniel Guerrero: I just don't want that part of me no more, you know I want I want that to change in me. I don't want to be, you know, because that's the kind of. That's the kind of relationship.
Daniel Guerrero: That my stepfather had with us, you know, he raised his voice sloppiness around, you know, kick us around whatever he wanted to do with us. And then when he calmed down.
Daniel Guerrero: You'd be like, I think overreacted. I apologize. Well, why do you mean, why did you think about that, then right
Gwenevere Abriel: So, you know, so what this will allow you to do, is it brings down. So when we have a fight.
Gwenevere Abriel: A fight or flight response.
Gwenevere Abriel: On all of our blood goes to our large muscle groups, it goes to our legs. It goes to our biceps, triceps, because we're ready to throw gloves. Even though it's our kids. It still happens, it's just our reptilian brain making the decision here.
Gwenevere Abriel: And what this breathing can do is it sends a message to the brain.
Gwenevere Abriel: There's no problem. There's nothing to really be that upset about. There is no threat, now I get it. It's your kids. And I'll talk more because we're at the end of the session talk more about that later. But my point is the blood will go back to your brain.
Gwenevere Abriel: You'll be able to you know how your, your, your father in law couldn't couldn't think of couldn't reflect about consequence about how it impacted you that he was so so mean.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're going to be able to have access to your brain, and we want that. We want the blood in your brain, the frontal cortex were logic, reason lips. We want that.
Gwenevere Abriel: And that's what that walked us for you when you go outside and you don't decide to keep yelling or to push your kids or something when that walk when you walk away.
Gwenevere Abriel: Gives you that time and this technique that I'm going to teach you next time is going to help with that. Okay, so let's set up another time to meet
Daniel Guerrero: I got my pad in my pen.
Gwenevere Abriel: Here so good.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, so what are we talking about next week already right you down.
Gwenevere Abriel: I put somebody in that spot I put someone in
Gwenevere Abriel: There at 10 o'clock.
Do
Gwenevere Abriel: What are you doing at
Gwenevere Abriel: One, what are you doing at one o'clock on a Thursday.
Gwenevere Abriel: Typically, are you
Daniel Guerrero: One o'clock one o'clock on Thursday. I'm just typically getting ready for work, but I can make arrangements, you know, so we can end this meeting, I have to be able to get two o'clock.
Daniel Guerrero: Thursday I can let my boss know I will probably be a few minutes late.
Daniel Guerrero: And that won't be a problem.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, yeah, but I mean I'd rather do something else. Let me
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me see if I can move someone around I'm
Daniel Guerrero: Not just saying, it'll be fine. I think I don't have a problem. We have to meet Thursday at one o'clock.
Gwenevere Abriel: What um I think I might be able to do it at 12 so let me, let me see if this clients really going to show up for this 12pm so I'm going to make a little note, I'm going to do some
Gwenevere Abriel: Some reaching out and then I'm going to get back to you. So right now, let's have a tentative at one o'clock, but I'm going to try and get you at 12
Daniel Guerrero: Okay.
Daniel Guerrero: 626
Yeah.
Daniel Guerrero: At 12pm
Gwenevere Abriel: Or 1pm Yeah, set it for one, but I'm going to be trying over the next few days to get it changed to 12 for you.
Daniel Guerrero: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, I should know by Monday.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, Daniel was pleasure. Do I need to let Dr. Solomon know
Gwenevere Abriel: That you're here medicine.
Gwenevere Abriel: Please. Okay, I'm doing it right now. And it is all of it right
Daniel Guerrero: Or is it Aubrey oh no it's all the men.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, can we go
Daniel Guerrero: I was going to ask you.
Daniel Guerrero: Today is a Friday, Saturday, Sunday, and then Monday will be in a if I can get some for today. For today, tomorrow and Sunday.
Daniel Guerrero: Because I know Monday I have my meeting Monday.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah what he should be doing. I let me just so what I wrote is can you order as medicine to get him through to Monday and you need medicine for today to
Daniel Guerrero: It. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. Well, of course it is.
Gwenevere Abriel: And including today. So you haven't you're out as of last night, you are, yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Daniel Guerrero: Me, but I feel great, you know, that's why I was saying, you know, that's how I'm noticing a difference. I mean, I feel good. Right now, you know, and
Daniel Guerrero: So I mean like
Daniel Guerrero: That's what's funny.
Gwenevere Abriel: You don't build tolerance.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, I sent him a message, I will get to see you in group on Monday. If there's any issue call bright heart health.
Gwenevere Abriel: If there's any issue with the pharmacy or if he doesn't get the order in but he he was answering my my messages earlier as early as what is that your time 756 so as early as eight o'clock this morning. He was responding very quickly.
Gwenevere Abriel: So he should be taken action on that quickly for you. Okay.
Daniel Guerrero: Thank you. I really appreciate your time.
Gwenevere Abriel: Absolutely. And I'll talk to you soon.
Daniel Guerrero: Okay. Have a good day.